Google I/O 2017  Extended IUT  has been announced! The 3rd time of the biggest conference about Google technologies in Tashkent will take on **May  20-21**(To be confirmed) in  city of Tashkent.

That means that it is time to open [call for talk submissions](http://bit.ly/lecen). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with   tech audience in Tashkent, you knocked on the right door.

We can claim that Google I/O Extended 2016 was a great success.  **This year Google I/O  will break all expectations** of the audience, speakers, and even our ones with **90%+ of satisfied attendees**


To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
<a href="http://bit.ly/lecen" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference?

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.


### Themes and topics – what do we expect?

Our team prepared set of interesting topics in but if you have any cool idea you want to share not from this list, feel free to submit it as well.

#### Android
* New features in O ( notifications,app badges, Java 8)
* RxJava
* Data Binding
* Testing and Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, Clean Architecture)

#### Web
#### Cloud

<br/>

**Call for Papers will stay open until May 15,2017.** Don’t miss out :)

<div class="text-center">
<a href="http://bit.ly/lecen" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters until May 18,2017.

Any questions? Email organizers at [hello@iutlab.uz](mailto:hello@iutlab.uz)
